Document that --app-id cannot contain dots in self-hosted mode (#3124)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/dapr-services/sidecar.md

## Self-hosted with `dapr run`

When Dapr is installed in [self-hosted mode]({{<ref self-hosted>}}), the `daprd` binary is downloaded and placed under the user home directory (`$HOME/.dapr/bin` for Linux/macOS or `%USERPROFILE%\.dapr\bin\` for Windows).

> In self-hosted mode, running the Dapr CLI [`run` command]({{< ref dapr-run.md >}}) launches the `daprd` executable together with the provided application executable. This is the recommended way of running the Dapr sidecar when working locally in scenarios such as development and testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In self-hosted mode, running the Dapr CLI [`run` command]({{< ref dapr-run.md >}}) launches the `daprd` executable with the provided application executable. This is the recommended way of running the Dapr sidecar when working locally in scenarios such as development and testing.
```

> The various arguments the CLI exposes to configure the sidecar can be found in the [Dapr run command reference]({{<ref dapr-run>}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the various arguments that the CLI exposes to configure the sidecar in the [Dapr run command reference]({{<ref dapr-run>}}).
```

### Examples

> 1. Start a sidecar along with an application by specifying its unique ID.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start a sidecar alongside an application by specifying its unique ID.  

   **Note: ** `--app-id` is a required field, and cannot contain dots.
```

Author: Changed, thanks
